* Howto:

 # You will need IntelliJ IDEA (9, 10 and 11) distributions to work with the plugin-code. Download and install IntelliJ IC distribution and source code:   
  * IntelliJ 9.0.4 IC [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-9.0.4.exe (exe)] / [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-9.0.4.tar.gz (tar.gz)] and  [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-9.0.4-src.tar.bz2 Sources] 
  * IntelliJ 10.5.4 IC [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-10.5.4.exe (exe)] / [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-10.5.4.tar.gz (tar.gz)]  and  [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-10.5.4-src.tar.bz2 Sources]
  * IntelliJ 11.1.2 IC [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-11.1.2.exe (exe)] / [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-11.1.2.tar.gz (tar.gz)] and  [http://download.jetbrains.com/idea/ideaIC-11.1.2-src.tar.bz2 Sources]
 # Install IntelliJ IDEA on windows or just unpack downloaded tar.gz bundles on *nix
{{{
$ tar -zxf ideaIC-9.0.4.tar.gz
$ tar -zxf ideaIC-10.5.4.tar.gz
$ tar -zxf ideaIC-11.1.2.tar.gz
}}}
 # svn checkout intellij-maven project from http://code.google.com/p/intellij-maven
{{{
$ svn checkout http://intellij-maven.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/intellij-maven
}}}
 # Create new profile in pom.xml in intellij-maven directory for youself like existing one:
   <code language="xml">
   {{{
   <profile>
      <id>mpl</id>
      <activation>
        <property>
          <name>env.COMPUTERNAME</name>
          <value>MOSKAU</value>
        </property>
      </activation>
      <properties>
        <idea9.home>D:/Projekte/Idea/ideaIC-95.627</idea9.home>
        <idea10.home>D:/Projekte/Idea/ideaIC-107.777</idea10.home>
        <idea11.home>D:/Projekte/Idea/ideaIC-117.418</idea11.home>
      </properties>
    </profile>
   }}}
   </code>    
   Use your own directories for idea9, idea10 and idea11 places!
 # run "mvn clean" and "mvn install" in intellij-maven directory. Check for successful build.
{{{
$ mvn -Pyour_profile clean install
}}}
 # run "mvn clean" and "mvn install -DIntelliJ=10" in intellij-maven directory. Check for successful build.
 # run "mvn clean" and "mvn install -DIntelliJ=9" in intellij-maven directory. Check for successful build.

   --> now you should be able to build lombok-intellij-plugin with maven from command line.

 # Install new Idea-plugin: "IntelliJ plugin modul maven importer" (http://plugins.intellij.net/plugin/?idea&id=7054) (Plugin is available in IntelliJ-IDEA)
 # Setup JDK in IntelliJ
 # Setup IntelliJ Idea plugin SDKs (9, 10 and 11) in IntelliJ

 # Import lombok-intellij-plugin projekt as maven project.
 # Check and change as needed Projekt-JDK and Plugin-JDK for plugin modul in IntelliJ for imported lombok-intellij-plugin projekt

   --> now you should be able to build lombok-intellij-plugin with IntelliJ-Idea too.